
# Project 3 Blog Post
by Jasmine Gallaway

[Rendered repo](https://jgally.github.io/ST558_Project_3/)

[Github repo](https://github.com/jgally/ST558_Project_3.git)

## What would I do differently?  

This project was great in showing the workflow of collaborating with someone else while coding. Overall I felt like this was a good project that pushed my limits, but also helped me grow so much on in my work. If I had to do this project over I would take more time to dive deeper into the statistical models and learn how to better tune them. I would spend more time getting deeper into the topic to understand the concepts, if I had done so I probably would have had an easier time in troubleshooting some modeling issues. 

## What was the most difficult part?   

The most difficult part was going through the `caret` package descriptions to find a suitable model that we had not learned in class. I ran into issues where the model would not be easy to calculate the `logLoss` metric or models that had far outdated packages. Picking and coding that extra plot was the most frustrating part about the project. On the bright side, even though I was unable to use them, I learned about several other models that I could see being useful in my future!

## What are my big take-aways from this project?  

The biggest takeaway for this project is that coding is the easy part, understanding the concepts deep enough is the part I need to work on! Some other takeaways are to just keep coding, having someone to bounce ideas off of is super helpful, and there is so much more for me to learn about in statistics.
